Previously on Siren...
Non-human blood?
You mean, like
an animal or something?
-Everything okay?
-Yeah, just a case
I'm working on.
I went out to confront her.
Hyah!
And she threw
a damn metal pole at me.
[mermaid screaming]
-Hey!
-I got a text from Chris.
_Donna Stevenson
lives In Bremerton.
Says she's
a registered nurse.
What's happening?
Where the hell are we?
On some kind
of military fort?
Go! Go, go, go, go, go!
[mermaid calling]
That's her.
[mermaid screaming]
Steady.
[screaming]
[woman screaming]
[technicians screaming]
[crashes and screams
in distance]
[loud crash, screams]
[Chris panting]
[mermaid shrieks]
[screaming continuing]
[alarm blaring]
[man's voice on P.A.]
Security breach, Zone One.
-[groaning]
-Repeat, Zone One
security breach.
Follow protocol
for system-wide lockdown.
[guards shouting]
[panﬁng]
This is a Stage One lockdown.
Security breach in the Med Lab.
All personnel observe
lockdown protocol.
[man]
Keep the perimeter!
Clear! Movin' up!
-C|ear!
-Go!Go!
This is a Stage One lockdown.
Security breach...
[groaning]
Come on.
Let's get out of here, okay?
[guards shouting]
Security breach in the Med Lab.
-A|| personnel observe
lockdown protocol.
-Go!
Watch your corners!
Stage One lockdown.
Security breach in the Med Lab.
[Chris]
Go, go! Go, go, go!
Security breach in the Med Lab.
All personnel observe
lockdown protocol.
Which one is yours?
The car?
Which car?
-[hisses]
-It's the keys, okay?
[horn beeps]
Come on.
Go on.
Go!
[Chris] Come on!
Come _on. _
If you're comIn', get In!
Come on!
[placid high-pitched calls]
I think she's not coming
home tonight, is she?
Probably working
the night shift.
Chris is gonna be okay,
right?
We're gonna see him again?
Count on it.
He's a total badass.
Tough as they come.
Yeah.
We'll get Donna
when she comes home.
Make her take us to Chris.
Couldn't sleep?
Too much on my mind.
Me, too.
Got room for one more?
[soft music playing]
Just wanna take
all this hate
Mmm
This hate
Mm-hmm
Ryn!
[seagulls calling]
Xander, give me a call
when you get this.
Let me know what's happening.
He thinks
he found Chris?
He tracked down that nurse
whose phone Chris used.
They were following her.
-Sister?
-Maybe.
Yeah, if we find Chris,
there's a chance
_ sheWIbe
In the same place.
Ben, look.
She's been out of the water
for a couple of days now.
Last time,
it only took a day
till she started drying out.
Seems like she's able
to stay on land longer.
[Maddie]
You like it?
Moon.
[phone vibrating]
It's Xander.
Hey.
Yeah?
No way.
Where are you?
I'll be right there.
They followed that nurse
to some military facility,
got chased away.
They're staked out
in front of her house
In Bremerton.
Hey, wait.
I'm going with you.
-Maddie.
-Ben, don't even.
Me go.
Ryn, I don't think
that's a good idea.
This place,
it's very far from here.
On land. You'd be trapped
if you needed to go
back into the ocean.
Look, if we find your sister,
we'll bring her to you.
We promise.
[soft breath]
We can't just leave her here.
[Doug] You know, this is
the worst coffee in town.
I know, you say that
every morning.
I'm a creature of habit.
That's one word for it.
[Janine]
Morning, Sheriff.
Hey, Janine.
You recover from last night?
[scoffs]
Didn't even have a chance
to get a buzz on
before you guys showed up,
ruined all the fun.
Serve and protect.
Jerry's gonna manage that motel
right into the ground.
Ahh.
Delicious as always.
-You happen to see this girl?
-[phone beeps]
Janine, you have a look.
No. No, never seen her.
What's the deal with her?
Just asking if you seen her.
We weren't formally
introduced or anything,
but, yeah, I saw her
at the party last night.
She was with Maddie.
[Ben sighs]
I wonder why she can't
just get in the water
then get back out
like last time?
It's not that simple.
You saw the video.
Her bones_c_rack.
It's agonIZIng.
I just wish we knew
how long she can last.
The stories handed down
say they can stay
longer and longer
each time they come to land.
I will wait
for sister.
I can't say for sure
we're gonna find her.
Okay? We don't know.
I wait.
Stubborn creatures,
aren't they?
Maddie?
Let's go.
Let's see what we _can do
about your skIn.
[Chris] Where are we?
This area, I don't know it.
So what was that place?
-Some kind of prison?
-[buttons click]
Hey, are you all right?
We need to get you
to a hospital, or...
I think you might be
in shock.
My name's Chris,
by the way.
Donna, huh?
You know, I had a nurse
in there named Donna?
[suspenseful music playing]
[electrical circuits buzzing]
We called you as soon
as we secured the site, sir.
This is how we found it.
Any survivors?
[guard]
None, sir.
[song playing on stereo]
When Ryn goes back
in the water,
I want to put
a tracking unit on her.
What?
I don't-- I don't know.
I'm not sure
how I feel about that.
She's not _
one of our sea |Ions.
I know.
What are we saying
if we ask her to do that?
I just-- I wanna know
what she's doing out there.
Her dive rate, range,
velocity.
Yeah, I get it. I do.
And I want to know, too,
but, babe, she trusts us.
I want her to know we don't
think of her
as some kind of experiment.
She knows that.
This way,
we can look out for her,
make sure she's safe
if she gets caught.
We owe that to her.
I don't want
to just let her go.
This should help
for a little while.
It's castor oil, sea salt,
buttermilk, and Boswellia.
Old family recipe.
I wouldn't eat that if--
[laughs]
Can't say
I didn't warn you.
[chuckling]
They call it
an autoimmune response.
That's the word they use
when they don't understand
what something is.
You have to sit still
for a little while.
Let it soak in.
Why did you and your sister
come so close to the surface?
You know better.
I'm sure
you've been warned.
Food.
[footsteps]
Hey, wake up.
I wasn't sleeping.
Yeah,
we were surveilling.
It's 10 AM.
She should have
been home by now.
Maybe she's working a double.
Well,
we can't just sit here.
You got a better idea?
Yeah, let's get in there,
figure out
who the hell she is.
They teach you that
in college?
No, grad school.
What are we looking for?
Anything to do with Chris,
that facility, this nurse.
She's got a serious thing
for pigs.
Hey, check this out.
That's her, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so she was
in the military, so what?
Those guys who took Chris,
they were
some black ops, right?
That's what it felt like.
I mean, she's gotta be
a part of that, too.
Some kind of specialized
medical unit.
Shit. Someone's here
we gotta go.
Gotta go.
G0, 90, 90, 90, 90, 90, 90!
Go. Right.
Shh!
[bag unzipping]
What are they looking for?
[Calvin] I don't know.
Maybe an ID. or something
tying her to that place.
Something's definitely
going down.
Like what?
I don't know.
But if they're here,
I don't think
Donna's comIng home.
We gotta get back to that site.
Man, we were just there
last night.
They came at us
with machine guns.
You got a plan
to get past that?
I don't want to wind up
in one of those duffel bags.
[mermaid screaming]
[woman screams]
[technicians shouting]
[screams and shouts]
[man]
She's out of the tank!
[crashes and screams]
Fast-forward. Hurry.
[alarm sounding]
Where the hell did she go?
Bring up
the other cameras.
My God.
[technician]
Is that her?
Zoom that in.
[Decker] She's walking.
[Donna screaming]
She knew to put clothes on.
All this time,
we thought we were
studying her.
[Decker, muffled]
Just getting
the blood work results in.
She was studying us.
[keyboard clicking]
[groans]
You, uh...
You have any pills?
You know,
for the pain?
[clears throat]
You all right?
[clicks tongue]
[small gasp]
You just need some water.
Hey, you have a phone.
Hey, can I use--
-[hissing]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Just... the phone, okay?
Just...
All right?
[beeping]
Damn it.
[growls]
There's no signal here.
[rock music playing]
[volume increases]
Metalhead, huh?
[hissing]
-[screaming]
-Wait! Wait! Hey! Hey!
[hissing]
[Helen]
You need to go back now.
You can't wait any longer.
No.
Ryn, I am going to take
you back to the water
if I have to carry you
there myself.
No.
In the water,
I go eat.
Yeah.
You... eat
in the water.
[panﬁng]
My sister, she follow me.
Me.
Oh.
It was your idea
to come close
to the surface.
You blame yourself
for her getting caught.
Yeah, it wasn't
like this yesterday.
Yeah, sounds like
they're on the move.
Holy shit.
You think that's Chris?
That he's dead?
Hang on.
We don't know for sure.
I'm not gonna sit around
and wonder. Come on.
Wait!
Where are you going?
Gonna follow 'em.
Xander, be careful.
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
How bad?
Okay. We're coming.
Helen.
Ryn's in bad shape.
We'll take her
to the Mammal Center.
Maybe we can help her there.
There's nothing we can do here.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
[Chris groans]
I'm gonna see
if they have a map.
[exhales]
[groans]
Wa... ter.
It's right there.
Um...
Okay.
Come here.
Look, water.
Have as much as you want.
-[screams]
-Whoa!
What?!
So now you're leaving?
Come on!
It's not safe!
Donna, come back!
[helicopter passing]
I had to lower
her dosage.
She was nonresponsive.
I doubt the families
of the people she killed
would be satisfied
with that explanation.
We would have lost her, sir.
So it was personal.
You didn't
want to let her die.
Personal?
I've been getting reports
that you've been here
at all hours.
That you may have lost
your professional detachment.
I was keeping
a detailed account
of her progress, sir.
Well, the only progress
I see
is we know
they can transform,
which poses
a whole new security threat.
They could be
living among us.
Come on.
Get in.
Here, drink this.
It could help you stay
hydrated from the inside.
[coughing]
Mm, bad.
I know, but it'll keep
your sodium level up.
I added spinach and avocado
for extra potassium.
Come on.
[hisses]
Your body
is breaking down.
Remember last time?
Your lungs
are gonna shut down
if you don't go back.
-[door opens]
-No.
[Dale] Maddie?
-Made|ine!
-Shit.
[Dale] Hello?
Are you here?
-Hi, Dad.
-Mads.
Is this a bad time?
No, no, perfect.
I was just, um, studying.
What's up?
I just... I haven't
seen you around in a while.
I miss you.
Me, too. It's just
between work and classes,
I've been slammed.
Just been crashing at Ben's.
Well, that's good.
_ You haven't seen
thIs gIrl around, have you?
[Maddie] No.
Why? Is this part
of that, uh, murder case?
Trying to figure that out.
Have a good look.
I told you
I haven't seen her.
Why do you keep asking?
Well, it's just somebody
said they saw you with her
at Jerry's party last night.
Someone?
Doug Pownall.
[Maddie] Doug. Figures.
Come on. You really think
I wouldn't tell you?
Mm. Wonder
why he would say that?
Who knows?
He's not my biggest fan.
He keeps asking Ben
when he's gonna upgrade.
She's dangerous, Maddie.
I'm gonna find her.
If you see her anywhere,
you let me know?
Yeah.
Hey, Sheriff?
Dinner tonight?
I'd love that.
Okay.
I'll walk you out.
Look, I know that you
want to keep looking,
but what good would
you be to your sister
if you die?
[wheezing]
He's looking for her.
He has that composite.
He knows she was involved.
Okay.
Okay, what?
I go back.
There are three bags.
Three bodies.
Yeah.
Hey, maybe, uh...
Maybe Ben found something.
Could you just...
[phone ringing]
It's-- It's her.
It's Donna.
Hello?
[Chris] Hey, it's me.
Chris?!
Chris, you're alive?!
I'm pretty messed up,
man.
Uh, wh-where are you?
I'm not far
from Libbey Beach.
[panﬁng]
I can't make it
much farther.
Okay, just--
just hold on, all right?
W-we'll be right there!
We're on our way!
[tires squeal]
[Ben] Ryn, we want you
to have this.
A gift.
Now, this part tells us
where you are,
so if anything happens
to you, we can help.
You don't have to_ wear it.
It's your ch0Ice.
I come back.
Sure.
[wheezing]
[phone vibrating]
What is it?
Ben?
They found Chris.
Sister.
We don't know.
I go with you.
Ryn, you can't.
My sister... is alive.
[wheezing]
Your father...
a hunter?
[wheezing]
He only hunts bad people.
Iam not...
bad.
No. He just
doesn't understand
what happened in that car.
He wants answers.
You're good.
[wheezing and coughing]
-That's Chris!
-We'll be right back.
[coughing]
[Chris moaning]
Chris!
Chris, hang in, man.
Hey.
Hang in there, man.
All right.
Ben.
Go.
It's all right.
We got you.
Hey, stay with me.
-All right.
-[Chris groans]
Ready?
[groans]
Chris! Chris!
He needs help, man.
-We gotta get him
to a hospital.
-No hospital!
All right, the clinic.
Doc Abbott can take
care of him.
[Chris groaning]
Xander, I'll meet you
back there, okay?
We got him back.
We got him.
Okay. Go.
[engine starts]
[shrieks]
[somber music playing]
Ryn!
That girl... ?
Her sister.
She found her.
[high-pitched call]
Crane arm broke free,
sliced him up.
Whole town's
been looking for him.
What hospital was he in?
Uh, military hospital.
And they released him
in this condition?
He's been through a lot.
If there's any way
you can treat him here,
we'd really appreciate it.
This have anything to do
with that girl you've
been calling me about?
No.
Please...
Dr. Abbott.
All right, everyone
clear out of here.
Give me some room to work.
Let's go!
[woman on TV] Responding
to this ovenNhelming
national and international...
Doc said
he's gonna be okay.
[exhales]
Thank God.
Where's Maddie?
She went
back to my place.
So who's that girl
that, uh, Dr. Abbott
was asking you about?
You know, the one
you were calling about?
Oh, just a volunteer
at the Mammal Center.
Yeah, she started
showing up wasted,
so I thought maybe I
could get her some help.
Well, good, 'cause if I thought
you were cheating on Maddie,
I'd have to kick your ass.
Breaking news out
of Kitsap County near Bremerton
where fire crews
are struggIIng to control
a massive blaze
at the former Larson Lake
Fish Hatchery building.
Dude, that's the place.
That's the place where
they were holding Chris.
They're cleaning up
loose ends.
It's just like the dudes
with the duffel bags.
They're wiping out
all of the evidence.
They'll be coming for him.
[tracker beeping]
Is it working?
Yeah. She's moving fast.
Already 200 miles northwest.
Wow.
Where do you think
she's going?
Home.
[Maddie]
She's picking up speed.
[tapping]
We lost her.
[ominous music playing]
[woman singing Siren song]
[placid high-pitched calls]